Add docs for how `Array#sample` is surprising (#4836)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/faq.md

[0, 1, 2].fetch(3) # IndexError: index 3 outside of array bounds
```

> ## The types for `Array#sample` are weird

Reviewer: Can you generalize this heading to say something about how overloads + keyword arguments are unsupported, moving Array#sample to a specific example of the general behavior, and avoid using the term “weird” instead of something more precise?

Author: Can do. Apart from sample, are there other common examples of this worth calling out?

Reviewer: https://github.com/sorbet/sorbet/blob/b0537331e412423cbc494d74bd9d39144d39b837/rbi/core/kernel.rbi#L761

Also #37 mentions Dir.glob (#37 is the more general issue to link to)

Reviewer: https://github.com/sorbet/sorbet/pull/4214

Another one

Author: Thanks!! I generalised it based on this feedback, and added some more examples.

[0, 1, 2].fetch(3) # IndexError: index 3 outside of array bounds
```

> ## Sigs are vague for std lib methods that accept keyword arguments & have multiple return types

Reviewer 2: I think we generally use `stdlib` or `standard library` see [here](https://sorbet.org/docs/faq#it-looks-like-sorbets-types-for-the-stdlib-are-wrong) for example.

```suggestion
## Sigs are vague for stdlib methods that accept keyword arguments & have multiple return types
```

> You might notice this when calling `Array#sample`, `Pathname#find`, or other std
> lib methods that accept a keyword argument and can have different return types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might notice this when calling `Array#sample`, `Pathname#find`, or other
stdlib methods that accept a keyword argument and can have different return types
```

based on arguments:

```ruby
T.reveal_type([1, 2, 3].sample) # Revealed type: T.nilable(T.any(Integer, T::Array[Integer]))
```

> The sig in Sorbet's std lib is quite wide, since it has to cover every possible

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sig in Sorbet's stdlib is quite wide, since it has to cover every possible
```

```

In some cases - for example, with complex number conversion methods in
`Kernel` - the Sorbet team has chosen to ship technically incorrect RBIs that
are much more pragmatic. See [#1144](https://github.com/sorbet/sorbet/pull/1144)
for an example. You can do the same for other cases you find annoying, but you
take on the risk of always need to call the method correctly based on your new
sig.

For example, if you are confident you'll never call `Array#sample` on an empty
array, use this [RBI](rbi.md) to not have to worry about `nil` returns.

```ruby
class Array
  extend T::Sig

  sig do
    params(arg0: Integer, random: Random::Formatter)
    .returns(T.any(Elem, T::Array[Elem]))
  end
  def sample(arg0=T.unsafe(nil), random: T.unsafe(nil)); end
end
```

Or if you never call it with an argument (you always do `[1,2,3].sample`, never
`[1,2,3].sample(2)`), use this RBI to always get an element (not an array) as
your return type:

```ruby
class Array
  extend T::Sig

  sig do
    params(arg0: Integer, random: Random::Formatter)
    .returns(Elem) # or T.nilable(Elem), to also support empty arrays
  end
  def sample(arg0=T.unsafe(nil), random: T.unsafe(nil)); end
end
```

> > Overriding std lib RBIs can make type checking less safe, since Sorbet will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Overriding stdlib RBIs can make type checking less safe, since Sorbet will
```

> > now have an incorrect understanding of how the std lib behaves.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> now have an incorrect understanding of how the stdlib behaves.
```

Another alternative is to define new methods that are stricter about arguments,

> and use these in place of std lib methods:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and use these in place of stdlib methods:
```
